#High Quality Face Image Dataset for training and evaluating image processing methods

We collect a high-quality image dataset that contains human faces. All the images are collected from the Flickr photo-sharing website. We select high-resolution images with high quality, downsample them by three times, and save them with the lossless image compression method PNG to remove possible compression artifacts. The dataset consists of two parts, i.e., the training set and the testing set.  The training set involves the images and the bounding boxes of faces in the images.  The testing set comprises high-quality images of 55 celebrities. For the test set, we offer the bounding box of the corresponding celebrity in the image. This dataset can be adopted to train and evaluate face image processing methods that require high-quality images.  The dataset is available at https://pan.baidu.com/s/1n7FKNkNxxOwkCzMV0FbnWw. Extract code: h5o3.

In the dataset, there are two folders. "pic" constains the training set with 2,643 images. "test" contains the testing set with 742 images from 55 celebrities. For the test images, the name of the image is a digital number. For image a and image b, if a / 100 = b / 100, they belong to the same person. The "face_bx.txt" offers the bounding boxes of the faces in the training images. It starts with the file name, and followed by several lines with each line has four number and represents the bounding box of a face.  The four numbers are the top_left and bottom_right coordinate of the bounding box, which are listed as (top_left_x,top_left_y, bottom_right_x, bottom_right_y). The "test_bx.txt" offer the bounding box of the celerity in that photo. It has the same format.
